docs(cluster-scanner): improved cluster-scanner docs (#1122)
sysdiglabs/charts: charts/cluster-scanner/README.md

## Introduction

> This chart deploys the Sysdig Admission Controller as a Deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chart deploys the Sysdig Cluster Scanner as a Deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.
```

###  Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `cluster-scanner`, run:

```console
$ helm upgrade --install sysdig-cluster-scanner sysdig/cluster-scanner \
       --create-namespace -n sysdig --version=0.1.0 \
       --set global.clusterConfig.name=CLUSTER_NAME \
       --set global.sysdig.region=SYSDIG_REGION \
       --set global.sysdig.accessKey=YOUR-KEY-HERE
```

To find the values:

- YOUR-KEY-HERE: This is the sysdig access key.
- CLUSTER_NAME: The name to be used for the cluster. Make sure it is unique for all your clusters.
- SYSDIG_REGION: The region of the Sysdig Backend to use. E.g.: `us1`, or `eu1`.

> The command deploys the Sysdig Admission Controller on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command deploys the Sysdig Cluster Scanner on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.
```
